adding authzto documentation to the lcmaps section (software-4147) (#750)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/security/lcmaps-voms-authentication.md

!!!danger
    When banning VOs, you must restart the services using LCMAPS VOMS authentication (e.g. `condor-ce`,
    `globus-gridftp-server`, `xrootd`, etc.) to clear any authentication caches. In the case of XRootD
    when the service is not restarted the change could take up to 12hrs to take effect. This can be
    modified by defining the `authzto` option in the `sec.protocol` configuration attribute, e.g.:

        sec.protocol /usr/lib64 gsi \
            -certdir:/etc/grid-security/certificates \
            -cert:/etc/grid-security/xrd/xrdcert.pem \
            ...
            -authzto:3600

>     The units of `authzto` are in seconds which means that the above will set the lcmpas cache lifetime to 1hr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The units of `-authzto` are in seconds which means that the above will set the LCMAPS cache lifetime to 1hr.
```

!!!danger
    When banning users, you must restart the services using LCMAPS VOMS authentication (e.g. `condor-ce`,
    `globus-gridftp-server`, `xrootd`, etc.) to clear any authentication caches. In the case of XRootD
    when the service is not restarted the change could take up to 12hrs to take effect. This can be
    modified by defining the `authzto` option in the `sec.protocol` configuration attribute, e.g.:

        sec.protocol /usr/lib64 gsi \
            -certdir:/etc/grid-security/certificates \
            -cert:/etc/grid-security/xrd/xrdcert.pem \
            ...

>             -authzto:3600

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            -authzto:3600

    The units of `-authzto` are in seconds which means that the above will set the LCMAPS cache lifetime to 1hr.
```

### Common issues

> #### A user/VO keeps having access to my XRootD server even after I added to the ban-gridmapfile/ban-voms-mapfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### A user/VO still has access to my XRootD server after adding them to the ban files
```

> The easiest way to get a user/VO banned immediately is to restart the XRootD server after adding the DN to the corresponding ban file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to ensure that a user/VO is immediately banned is to restart the XRootD server after adding the DN or VOMS attributes to the corresponding ban file.
```

> If the above is not possible, the the lifetime of the lcmaps cache for XRootD can be controlled by setting the parameter `authzto`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the above is not possible, the the lifetime of the LCMAPS cache for XRootD can be controlled by setting the parameter `authzto`
```

within the `sec.protocol` configuration attribute, e.g.:

    sec.protocol /usr/lib64 gsi \
    -certdir:/etc/grid-security/certificates \
    -cert:/etc/grid-security/xrd/xrdcert.pem \
    ...
    -authzto:3600

> The default value for this parameter it is 12hrs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value for this parameter is 12hrs.
```

### Common issues

#### A user/VO still has access to my XRootD server after adding them to the ban files
The best way to ensure that a user/VO is immediately banned is to restart the XRootD server after adding the DN or VOMS attributes to the corresponding ban file.
If the above is not possible, the the lifetime of the LCMAPS cache for XRootD can be controlled by setting the parameter `authzto`
within the `sec.protocol` configuration attribute, e.g.:

    sec.protocol /usr/lib64 gsi \
    -certdir:/etc/grid-security/certificates \
    -cert:/etc/grid-security/xrd/xrdcert.pem \
    ...
    -authzto:3600

> The default value for this parameter is 12hrs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The units of `-authzto` are in seconds which means that the above will set the LCMAPS cache lifetime to 1hr.
The default value for this parameter is 12hrs.
```
